Add option for sending decrypted claims to JWT Javascript backend (#230)
iegomez/mosquitto-go-auth: README.md

| jwt_verify_peer    | false     |     N     | Whether to verify peer for tls                                |
| jwt_response_mode  | status    |     N     | Response type (status, json, text)                            |
| jwt_params_mode    | json      |     N     | Data type (json, form)                                        |
| jwt_user_agent     | mosquitto |     N     | User agent for requests                                       |
| jwt_http_method    | POST      |     N     | Http method used (POST, GET, PUT)                             |
| jwt_host_whitelist |           |    Y/N    | List of hosts that are eligible to be an authoritative server |

URIs (like jwt_getuser_uri) are expected to be in the form `/path`. For example, if jwt_with_tls is `false`, jwt_host is `localhost`, jwt_port `3000` and jwt_getuser_uri is `/user`, mosquitto will send a http request to `http://localhost:3000/user` to get a response to check against. How data is sent (either json encoded or as form values) and received (as a simple http status code, a json encoded response or plain text), is given by options jwt_response_mode and jwt_params_mode.

> if the option `jwt_parse_token` is set to `true`, `jwt_host` can be omitted and the host will be taken from the `Issuer` (`iss` field) cliam of the JWT token. In this case the option `jwt_host_whitelist` is mandatory and must contain
> either a comman-separated list of the valid hostnames/ip addresses (with or without `:<port>` part) or the `*` (asterisk) symbol. If the `Issuer` claim contains any value not from this list, the authorization will failed. Special
> value `*` means "any name" and intended for the testing/development purposes only - NEVER use this value in the production environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if the option `jwt_parse_token` is set to `true`, `jwt_host` can be omitted and the host will be taken from the `Issuer` (`iss` field) claim of the JWT token. In this case the option `jwt_host_whitelist` is mandatory and must contain
either a comma-separated list of the valid hostnames/ip addresses (with or without `:<port>` part) or the `*` (asterisk) symbol. If the `Issuer` claim is not contained in this list of valid hosts, the authorization will fail. Special
value `*` means "any host" and is intended for testing/development purposes only - NEVER use this in production!
```

| js_user_script_path 		|				  |		Y		| Relative or absolute path to user check script		|
| js_superuser_script_path	|				  |		Y		| Relative or absolute path to superuser check script	|
| js_acl_script_path 		|				  |		Y		| Relative or absolute path to ACL check script			|

> | js_pass_claims          |     false 	  |		  N   		| Pass all claims extracted from the token to check scripts		|

Author: I've tried to fix it but note that here you use both spaces and tabs to format this table. So maybe a better way is to competely re-format this table with spaces only.

> | js_pass_claims          |     false 	  |		  N   		| Pass all claims extracted from the token to check scripts		|

Reviewer: Oh, my bad then, sorry about that.
